okay what else is wrong with the Prius
well the big problem the Prius is that
it has a tiny battery pack which
apparently the lawsuit that Chevron
funded against Toyota restricted them to
using a tiny battery pack which can only
power the prius for a tiny distance the
overall problem is that toyota put
inside the computer a routine which
stops you from adding batteries so all
of the plug-in Prius is the Prius is
that long to be able to plug into the
solar system all of them have to put add
firmware software to defeat this routine
and the computer and trick the computer
into allowing us to add batteries now
why did Toyota put such a routine in the
computer to stop people from making it
into a plug-in hybrid was only volunteer
engineers who solved that problem and
made it possible to make a plug-in Prius
and Toyota is still arguing that it's
impossible that it'll void the warranty
they don't hurt the battery or blah blah
blah but it works fine now after you
after you defeat the the routines that
inhibit the adding batteries the other
problem is the Prius won't go faster
than 33 miles an hour on the battery
pack alone even though the motor is
powerful enough to power it to 80 miles
an hour the engine comes on at 33 miles
per hour and that's it built into the to
the computer and very difficult to
defeat that routine Toyota could defeat
it very easily but that's you know one
of the severe problems is you can't
drive on like my rav4 UV you can't drive
it on electric power alone at normal
highway speeds you have to only drive
around like a golf cart which maybe
that's what they meant the last problem
is that the catalytic converter when
it's cold the engine comes on to warm
that up so even at low speed if your
catalytic converter is is cold the
engine comes out of course if you have a
real TV you don't need to run kind of
like a converter because you're not
going to run the engine until the
battery is way down so you'd run the
battery until it's down and then you'd
run the genset to drive for any further
distance but a judiciously chosen
battery pack for a serial plug-in hybrid
hybrid TV would allow you to drive
everyday pretty much on the battery pack
alone and to power it through overnight
charging on your solar electric rooftop
system how do we know this there's
hundreds of people that are doing it
right now including us